hello everybody this is freddy with
Freddy can fly in today's video I wanted
to do a review on the edge brand of
rotor blades now edged blades this is
going to be a 600 set of edged blades
and they are 60 three millimeter blades
as compared to your standard stock I
think the lines are just six hundreds
radix blades they also make them in a
600 sighs so 603 they've got a little
bit of extra length to them and this is
my first try out with edged blades
usually have been a pretty big radix fan
but I will tell you this guy's I am
impressed with these blades they really
fly great they've got a really great 3d
characteristic to them the auto
rotations are pretty damn decent with
them so what I wanted to do is we gotta
gotta set here out of the package first
off they did come really well packaged
segregated within the box there was no
damage Nick's or cuts or chips or
anything like that so very impressed
with that they're they're pretty basic
looking I mean there's nothing too fancy
looking about them they look you know
like i said of just normal blades with
the word edge on them so it would be
nice if they were a little more flashy
but I guess performance is more
important than look obviously so what I
wanted to do real quick guys I do this
with every blade test is we're going to
go ahead and get our scale out here our
digital scale and we're going to weigh
each blade and we're going to see how
well they came prepackaged and how
weighted and balanced they were so let's
jump into that and let's check it out ok
guys so I've got my scale here you can
see and verify that I've got it set to
zero so it's not measuring any sort of
weight right now so what we'll do is
we'll take our first blade and try to
Center it on here as much as we can so
bear with me here get it nice and
balanced on there ok and let's see what
kind of a readout we're getting here so
far our first blade is weighing a
hundred and forty four point two and
this is a this is grams so 144 point2
not bad so let's go ahead and see what
that compares to the other blade
remember we're shooting for 144 point2
we want to try to get our blade in the
same exact position as the other one
okay and this one is a 144 point for a
little bit off but I'm sure if I shift
the blade around just a little bit let's
see if we can get that number to a 2 and
this one seems to want to stay at 140
4.4 so we're point two grams off out of
the box guys that's that's absolutely
nothing you know I've really never had a
set of blades that's absolutely
absolutely you know 142 and 142 so I
would actually say these things are
pretty damn perfect and they fly just as
good so let's go ahead and do a Freddie
can fly star rating i would give edged
blades from a 1 out of 10 stars i'm
going to go ahead and give them give
them a nine point five stars obviously
it's pretty hard to get a 10 because
nothing in this world is perfect so I'm
going to reserve a 9.5 for these bad
boys really really great set of blades
once again these are the 600 sighs
there's 60 3 millimeters I believe you
can buy edged blades from everything
from a 450 up to a 700 class Haley so
thumbs up on this one guys I really
really like these blades I'll be
throwing some videos up here pretty soon
of them in action and you'll get to see
what they're capable of so please
comment down below subscribe if you like
these reviews they will continue and
remember guys if Freddie can fly so can
you thanks for watching